Having a faith in life
 It was Five years ago, when the time was the first year of my high school, I had a chance to get access to the Breaking, which is a street dance by accidentally and became a dancer later.
I still could deeply remember that it was the second day of my high school and it was so hot outside which would urge everybody to jump into the ice water and take a shower immediately. However, after the school, two girls who just became my friends that day asked, “ if I wondered to learn the Breaking in the school team?” I said yes right away, because I had already wanted to learn it for a long time, but in the past few years, I couldn’t squeeze out any time to learn it because of using the limited time in studying.
Later, I follow them to the dance studio, and began to learn the Breaking from the captain of the school team whose name is Ken. At the first time we met Ken, he performed his excellent dancing skill. For example, he could handstand in only one hand with a posture just like the brand symbol ‘NIKE’, and the most wonderful thing was that he would face down, bent his legs and used only one hand to support his body; meanwhile, he used the hand to jump and revolving in high speed. What a brilliant show! 
After the performance, Ken started to teach us how to dance and how to be an outstanding BBOY. He just stood in front of the big and flat mirror, and we imitate him step by step. In fact, when I began dance, I found it hard to do a series of motion without mistakes and smooth. Surprisingly, after we finished the first day’s class, the captain walked straight to me and said, “ Hi, new guy. I’m Ken. What’s your name?” I said, “ Nice to meet you, captain! My name is Hanris, and today is my first day in here. Thanks for your teaching!” “ Ok, here is the thing, I noticed you today.  Your motion and the feeling to the music, which impresses me a lot and I have never seen it happened in a new guy before. And I think you have talent for the Breaking, and I want you to keep training in here! Hoping you will be in my position someday!”
From then on, I would go to the studio every afternoon after I finished my class at 5 pm, however, I also had a night class at 7 pm every day. So, I used most of these two hours to train. At the period, I would get sweat all the time, even my clothes didn’t get dry for only one second. What’s more, when I was training, I would learn some motion, for instance, I would handstand that times I fell in the ground liked a million shards of glass, and I also learn some FootWalks, which a type of motion that use your body and hands to perform some combo. Each time, when I stayed the training, I just felt sore and ache all over and my fingers couldn’t stretch without huge a sense of pain! This feeling was suck! However, after finished my studio’s hard time, the time l left before the night class only 20 minutes, so, I just could take a bath as quick as I could, in order to save time, I just used my towel to dry my whole body, and dressed my school uniform when my body still wet, but hard life didn’t over, because I needed to dash to my classroom in a high speed, which just like the athletes want to win a gold medal in a running competition. However, after the class began for about half hour, my stomach kept making noises and complained “ I need to eat. I want to eat now!” but I couldn’t eat until 9 pm that I had a break. After night class and back to my dorm, I still couldn’t sleep, because I need to stick some plasters in my back and applied some medicinal liquid in my hands, ankles, elbows and my leg to ease my pain!
Each time, there were two voice beside my ears, one of them was “ Hanris, you should quit the Breaking, because you don’t have to torture yourself in this way and you can lease a happy life without this training. Am I right?” the other was “ Hey, budy, you are meant to be a captain in future and I believe you can get through these difficulties! You just need to hand on!”
At this moment, Ken’s voice kept knocking my mind over and over again “You are talent at the Breaking! You will be a captain someday!” Obviously, I chose to follow my destiny. So, I just made the Breaking be a part of my life, and stated to enjoy the pain, because I believe practise makes perfect. 
Finally, because of my hard working, I got a chance to have a show with my captain to dance in front of all the students and teachers at school. What’s more important and happy thing is that at my second years in the dance team, I took over my captain’s position and complete my dream finally. All of those wonderful achievements were all owed to the faith in my heart at the most beginning!
